Add support for constraints on override methods and explicitly implemented interface methods (#671)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/interfaces.md

It is a compile-time error for an explicit interface member implementation to include any modifiers ([§15.6](classes.md#156-methods)) other than `extern` or `async`.

An explicit interface method implementation inherits any type parameter constraints from the interface.

A *type_parameter_constraints_clause* on an explicit interface method implementation may only consist of the `class` or `struct` *primary_constraint*s applied to *type_parameter*s which are known according to the inherited constraints to be either reference or value types respectively. Any type of the form `T?` in the signature of the explicit interface method implementation, where `T` is a type parameter, is interpreted as follows:

- If a `class` constraint is added for type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable reference type; otherwise

> - If either there is no added constraint, or a `struct` is added, for the type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable value type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a `class` constraint is added for type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable reference type; otherwise
- If either there is no added constraint, or a `struct` constraint is added, for the type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable value type.
```

It is a compile-time error for an explicit interface member implementation to include any modifiers ([§15.6](classes.md#156-methods)) other than `extern` or `async`.

> If *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s are present in an explicit interface method implementation, each of their *type_parameter_constraints* shall be `class` or `struct`, and for the constraint `class` in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable reference type. Any type parameter that has the `struct` constraint in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable value type. In the absence of *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s, the constraints for an explicit interface method implementation are inherited from the interface method, and for the constraint `class` a parameter type `T?` is interpreted as `System.Nullable<T>`.

Reviewer 2: Same as above for class -> struct:

```suggestion
If *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s are present in an explicit interface method implementation, each of their *type_parameter_constraints* shall be `class` or `struct`, and for the constraint `class` in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable reference type. Any type parameter that has the `struct` constraint in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable value type. In the absence of *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s, the constraints for an explicit interface method implementation are inherited from the interface method, and for the constraint `struct` a parameter type `T?` is interpreted as `System.Nullable<T>`.
```

Reviewer 2: See [comment](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/pull/671/files#r2087100688)

> If *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s are present in an explicit interface method implementation, each of their *type_parameter_constraints* shall be `class` or `struct`, and for the constraint `class` in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable reference type. Any type parameter that has the `struct` constraint in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable value type. In the absence of *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s, the constraints for an explicit interface method implementation are inherited from the interface method, and for the constraint `class` a parameter type `T?` is interpreted as `System.Nullable<T>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An explicit interface method implementation inherits any type parameter constraints from the interface.

A *type_parameter_constraints_clause* on an explicit interface method implementation may only consist of the `class` or `struct` *primary_constraint*s applied to *type_parameter*s which are known according to the inherited constraints to be either non-nullable reference or non-nullable value types respectively. Any type of the form `T?` in the signature of the explicit interface method implementation, where `T` is a type parameter, is interpreted as follows:
  - If a `class` constraint is added for type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable reference type; otherwise
  - If either there is no added constraint, or a `struct` is added, for the type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable value type.
> *Note:* The purpose of these constraints is to disambiguate which interface method is being implemented when the signature includes nullable types and there is more than one candidate interface member distinguished only by type parameter constraints. *end note*
```

Reviewer: My suggestions on https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/pull/671#discussion_r2131458898 would also be relevant here.

> If *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s are present in an explicit interface method implementation, each of their *type_parameter_constraints* shall be `class` or `struct`, and for the constraint `class` in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable reference type. Any type parameter that has the `struct` constraint in the implementation shall correspond to a type parameter in the interface method that is known to be a non-nullable value type. In the absence of *type_parameter_constraints_clause*s, the constraints for an explicit interface method implementation are inherited from the interface method, and for the constraint `struct` a parameter type `T?` is interpreted as `System.Nullable<T>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An explicit interface method implementation inherits any type parameter constraints from the interface.

A *type_parameter_constraints_clause* on an explicit interface method implementation may only consist of the `class` or `struct` *primary_constraint*s applied to *type_parameter*s which are known according to the inherited constraints to be either reference or value types respectively. Any type of the form `T?` in the signature of the explicit interface method implementation, where `T` is a type parameter, is interpreted as follows:
  - If a `class` constraint is added for type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable reference type; otherwise
  - If either there is no added constraint, or a `struct` is added, for the type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable value type.
```

A *type_parameter_constraints_clause* on an explicit interface method implementation may only consist of the `class` or `struct` *primary_constraint*s applied to *type_parameter*s which are known according to the inherited constraints to be either reference or value types respectively. Any type of the form `T?` in the signature of the explicit interface method implementation, where `T` is a type parameter, is interpreted as follows:

- If a `class` constraint is added for type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable reference type; otherwise
- If either there is no added constraint, or a `struct` constraint is added, for the type parameter `T` then `T?` is a nullable value type.

> *Example*: The following demonstrates how the rules work when type parameters are involved:
>
> <!-- Example: {template:"standalone-lib-without-using", name:"ExplicitInterfaceMemberImplementations6"} -->
> ```csharp
> #nullable enable
> interface I
> {
>     void Foo<T>(T? value) where T : class;
>     void Foo<T>(T? value) where T : struct;
> }
>
> class C : I
> {
>     void I.Foo<T>(T? value) where T : class { }
>     void I.Foo<T>(T? value) where T : struct { }
> }
> ```
>

> > Without the type parameter constraints in the implementing methods, the compiler won’t know which method is being implemented. *end example*

Reviewer: Without the type parameter constraints, the compiler _will_ know which base method is being overridden (the `where T : struct` one).

```suggestion
> Without the type parameter constraint `where T : class`, the base method with the reference-typed type parameter cannot be overridden. *end example*
```

> *Example*: The following demonstrates how the rules work when type parameters are involved:
>
> <!-- Example: {template:"standalone-lib-without-using", name:"ExplicitInterfaceMemberImplementations6"} -->
> ```csharp
> #nullable enable
> interface I
> {
>     void Foo<T>(T? value) where T : class;
>     void Foo<T>(T? value) where T : struct;
> }
>
> class C : I
> {
>     void I.Foo<T>(T? value) where T : class { }
>     void I.Foo<T>(T? value) where T : struct { }
> }
> ```
>

> > Without the type parameters in the implementing methods, the compiler won’t know which method is being implemented. *end example*

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> Without the type parameter constraints in the implementing methods, the compiler won’t know which method is being implemented. *end example*
```
